Updated documentation for 3dbbox about skinnedmeshrenderers (#421)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/CHANGELOG.md

Fixed an indexing issue with the IdLabelConfig editor. When a new label was added to an empty Id Label Config with Auto Assign IDs enabled, the starting id (0 or 1) was ignored and the new label would always have an id of 0.

> Updated documentation to reflect that the 3D bounding box labeler does not support skinned mesh renderer types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated documentation to reflect that the 3D Bounding Box Labeler does not support Skinned Mesh Renderers.
```
